it is used to give suggestion to someone.

for the present:

should:
sub+should+v1+obj
example:you should study in the library
example:you should play cricket in the groud.
example:they should eat luch.


should be:(without verb)
sub+should be+object
example:you should be a good player.
example:you should be a good student.
example:he should be a good manager.
example:she should be a good photographer.


should be ving:
example:I shold be studying.
example:you should be typing .
example:you shoul be watching the news.
example:you should be  coding for their final year project.


for the past:
sub +should have been + obj(without verb)
example:you should have been a good doctor.
example:he should have been a good developer.
example:they should have been a good team of cricket.


sub + should have + v3 (imaginary satuation)(remember here is only use v3)
example:you should have studied hard for the test.
example:he should have invited us for their bithday.



sub + should have been +ving 
example: you should have been fast writing in the exam.
example:she should have been doing fast.
example:He should have been teaching well.
example:they should have been performing well in the cricket.



sub+should have to +v1(amphasize on someone in prsent)
example:you should have to write.
example: He should have to perform well in the match.
example: she should have to perform well.


sub +should have + had to +v1(emphasize someone for the past)
you should have had to go there.
he should have had to perform well in the match.
she should have had to perform well .




to make polite offers and invitations
Would is usually used to make polite offers and invitations.
Would you like to be a part of our startup?
Would you like to join us tonight for the party?
Would you like me to book a cab for you?
Would any of your friends be interested to watch the movie with us?




can: (with verb )
it use for the possibility and ability.
sub+v1+obj
she can speak english well.
he can write well of english story.



can : (without verb)
you can be at home.
he can be at home.
you can be at school.
you can be a good speaker.


can + ving (indicate the continous moment in present )
he can be writing the english story .
she can be waiting for you at door of campus.
they can be performing well in the ground.




can have:(without verb)
sub + can have +obj
he can have a mobile phone as well as a good quality laptop at the university.
she can have a car.



sub+could+have+obj(for past tense)
They couldn’t have bought it today.
he could have a mobile at school.
she could have a red car.
they couldn't have all red car.


could : (without verb)
she could be a good teacher.
he could be a good student differentially by their current ability.



could +be ving
she could be studying yesterday at 4pm.
he could be playing cricket yesterday with friends.


