Proverbs in english communication:

1)Better late than never:
The proverb “Better late than never” is often used when someone accomplishes something later than expected. 
It emphasizes that it’s better to complete a task or arrive at a certain point late, 
rather than not doing it or not getting there at all.
example: “I took admission for BSCS at Hangu campus instead of Peshawar. It’s better late than never.”
example: “He called me later to invite me to their birthday program. It’s better late than never.”
example:“He has started a business. However, it’s better late than never.”



2)"Actions speak louder than words"
Meaning: What someone does is more important than what they say.
Use case: Use this to emphasize the importance of actions over mere promises or talk.
Example_1:"John always promised to help his friend with their project, but never actually did anything. Eventually,
 his friend told him, 'Actions speak louder than words'.
example_2"My friend told me that he would take admission with me at the university, but he never followed through. Finally, 
I reminded him that 'actions speak louder than words'."
example_3: “Our class leader suggested that we should not blame each other. However, after a month, 
the leader still blamed a classmate. At that point, I reminded him: Actions speak louder than words.”



3)“A bad workman always blames his tools.”
Meaning: This proverb is used when someone blames the quality of their equipment or other external factors when they perform a task poorly.
Example_1"Our classmates always blame the teacher instead of taking responsibility for studying every subject.
 Finally, I reminded them, 'A bad workman always blames his tools.'"
Example_2:"People often say that we need an English-speaking environment to learn the language effectively. While that's true, it's also important to create that environment for yourself. Instead of just complaining that we don't have an English-speaking environment,
 we should take initiative and make one. It's like, 'A bad workman always blames his tools.'"
example:"People often say we need an English environment to learn, but instead of blaming the lack of it, we should create it ourselves. 
It's like saying, 'A bad workman always blames his tools.'



4)"A bird in hand is worth than two in the bush"
mean: "It’s better to appreciate what you already have than to chase after something else that might not work out."
example_1"“Even though the other job offer seems better, I think I’ll accept the one I have now. After all, a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.”"




5)piece of cake(very easy):
example:The dinner is a peiece of cake for my family

6)Spill the bean(tell the secret):
example:Hi friends never spill the bean about my birthday program.
example:"“During the surprise party planning, Sarah accidentally spilled the beans about the secret gift"


7)smash hit(refers to something is extremely popular and success):
Example:"“The new ice cream flavor, ‘Chocolate Fudge Explosion,’ became a smash hit among kids and adults alike."
Example:“The 2024 model bikes became a smash hit among all Pakistani peopLE .
Example "I have become smash hit in web developement.



8)In Hot Water(In trouble):
Example:"I found myself in hot water after turning down my job"
Example:"“After accidentally damaging the company’s expensive equipment, Mark found himself in hot water with his boss."


9)Break a leg( When someone says “break a leg,” they are encouraging and wishing success to the performer before the performance).
Example:You will break a leg in the presentation.
Example:"Tomorrow is your test, break a leg, and you will get high marks."

