should:
-->used to give advice
you look sick. you should see a doctor.


Shoud have: 
formula:sub+should+have+v2+obj
--> used to recommend/advice/suggest a different action in the past
example:you should've bought computers when it was on sale.
example:I should've studied hard when I was it school for geting high marks.


-->used to express regret
I should've studiet for the test.(I did not study and in this example I regret about my past)
I should've invited you.




Could have:
-->1)used to talk about alternative possibilities in the past.
-->things that didn't happen but may be could have happened.
example : you could have been a doctor if you'd studied hard in the school.(in this example the reality you didn't study hard in the school
and therefore you didn't become a doctor)(it was possible for you to become a doctor if you studied harder but you didn't)



-->2)used to talk about imaginary satuation in the past.
example: please drive more carefully .you could've killed us.

Conditional statements:
"If I hadn't missed the bus, I could have arrived on time."
"They could have won the tournament if they had trained harder."

Contrasting options:
"She could have ordered pizza instead of making dinner."
"He could have bought the blue car instead of the red one."


Regrets or missed opportunities:
"I could have pursued a different career path."
"We could have visited Europe last summer if we had saved more money."





would:
-->used to imagine result.
example_1: If I were taller , I would be better at sports.

would have:
-->used to imagin result in the past if things were different
-->more cetain than could have. could have like may be but would have mean we are very sure about something.
example: If I had reached to the class on time , I wouldn't have absent.(this sentece show like I am very sure about the past condition)
example: I'd gotten one more question correct, I would have passed the test,"
 


Here are some common situations where "would have" is used:

Conditional statements about the past:
"If I had studied harder, I would have passed the exam."
"She would have bought the dress if it had been on sale."

Regrets or missed opportunities:
"I would have traveled more when I was younger if I had the chance."
"We would have won the game if we had played better."

Hypothetical scenarios:
"He would have been late if he hadn't caught the earlier train."
"They would have missed the flight if they had left home later."



